Explain automatic checkout completion option (#1334)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/payments/lifecycle.mdx

> The difference between `total` and `totalGrantedRefund` is compared with the sum of **charged** and **authorized** transactions. The result is one of the statuses: `PARTIAL`, `FULL`. If no transaction has been charged, the status is `NONE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The difference between `total` and `totalGrantedRefund` is compared with the sum of **charged** and **authorized** transactions. The result is one of the statuses: `PARTIAL`, `FULL`. If no transaction has been authorized, the status is `NONE`.
```

#### Authorization status calculation for Checkout

> The status is calculated based on all transactions assigned to the `Checkout`. 

Reviewer: suggestion: I think we should use object names, to avoid confusion between Transaction and TransactionItem (the first one is related to old Payments API)

```suggestion
The status is calculated based on all `TransactionItem`'s assigned to the `Checkout`. 
```

For a checkout, authorization means that funds have been either authorized or charged (or a combination of partially charged and partially authorized).
The status takes into account the following fields: `authorizedAmount`, `chargedAmount`, `authorizePendingAmount`, and `chargePendingAmount`:

- **NONE**: No funds have been authorized.
- **PARTIAL**: The available funds do not fully cover the checkout's total amount.
- **FULL**: The funds fully cover the checkout's total amount. At this point, `checkoutComplete` can be called to convert the checkout into an order. 

> Note that pending amounts (success or failure) will be confirmed later by the payment app. This means the system can create an order that may remain unpaid if the pending amounts eventually fail.

Reviewer: suggestion: styling

```suggestion
:::caution
Note that pending amounts (success or failure) will be confirmed later by the payment app. This means the system can create an order that may remain unpaid if the pending amounts eventually fail.
:::caution
```

#### Available transitions

> - Status is updated on operations that change the checkout's `total`, or transactions.

Reviewer: suggestion: I was confused with this sentence, if I understand correctly the amount is updated when either `totalAmount` or any TransactionItem amount is updated

```suggestion
- Status is updated when Checkout's `totalAmount` is changed
- Status is updated when Checkout's TransactionItem's amounts are updated
```

#### Authorization status calculation for Order

The status is calculated based on all transactions assigned to the `Order`.
Authorization means that funds have been either fully or partially authorized or charged.

> Unlike checkout, this status does not consider pending amounts.

Reviewer: I think this should be put again into caution / warning callout, since this is not very intuitive 😅

> It uses the fields `authorizedAmount` and `chargedAmount`, and the calculation is adjusted by subtracting `order.totalGrantedRefund` from the total.

Reviewer: question: Is that correct? Shouldn't `authorizeStatus` take into account only `authorizedAmount`? 🤔

Author: I don't think so, but maybe @korycins can tell you more

Reviewer: Yes, you're right. I got bamboozled with all these amounts, the description is correct 😅

The difference between `total` and `totalGrantedRefund` is compared with **charged** transactions, and the result is one of the statuses: `PARTIAL`, `FULL`, `OVERCHARGED`. If no transaction has been charged, the status is `NONE`.

#### Charge status calculations for Checkout

The status is calculated based on all transactions assigned to the checkout.
It takes into account the fields: `chargedAmount` and `chargePendingAmount`.

- **NONE**: No funds have been charged.
- **PARTIAL**: The charged funds do not fully cover the checkout's total amount.
- **FULL**: The charged funds fully cover the checkout's total. At this point, `checkoutComplete` can be called to convert the checkout into an order.

> However, pending amounts (success/failure) will be confirmed later by the payment app, which means the created order could still remain unpaid if the pending amounts fail.

Reviewer: suggestion: let's put this sentence into a caution / warning callout

> However, pending amounts (success/failure) will be confirmed later by the payment app, which means the created order could still remain unpaid if the pending amounts fail.

Reviewer: We can also add a note that at this point `CHECKOUT_FULLY_PAID` webhook event is triggered
